[VAULT-40236] IBM PAO licensing integration docs (#2041)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/vault/v2.x (rc)/content/docs/configuration/reporting.mdx

[license utilization reporting](/vault/docs/enterprise/license/utilization-reporting)
page for more details.
- `billing_start_timestamp` `(timestamp)` - The start timestamp for billing for license reporting (manual and automated).
Defaults to the license start timestamp. **Note: If using an IBM PAO license, the billing start timestamp will be set to

> the start time of the entitlement selected by the `license_entitlement` stanza, and this parameter will be ignored.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defaults to the license start timestamp. If you use an IBM PAO license, Vault
ignores `billing_start_timestamp` in favor of the start time of the entitlement
selected by the `license_entitlement` stanza.
```
Style correction: write in active voice, do not use bold for emphasis, avoid structuring content as "notes"
